And now you are crying
means nothing to me
It's not for me.
Not for this love, I see
Your feelings for someone else
Your fullness flow of tears
Our days has gone by
If...
Our hearts can't make a sound
Love is now far and bitter
And then...
You were coming back
Without shining smile
you had given
Wind is blowing,
but ain't the same
Who, I don't know
And now I know
Our love story is nothing left
When spring sun shine comes
Whispering the sweet words
You turned away
For something miracle
As we first met
And now the tears you shed
Means nothing to me
It's not for me
Not for this love, I see
Your feelings for someone else
Your fullness flow of tears
Our days has gone by
If...
Those rose came back
The love incense branch on occasion swears
I wish that...
One day I can come
Pick you up for morning walk
But that is impossible dreams
Who, I don't know
And now I know
Our love story is nothing left
When spring sun shine comes
Whispering the sweet words
You turned away
For something miracle
As we first met
And now the tears you shed
Means nothing to me
It's not for me
Not for this love, I see
Your feelings for someone else
Your fullness flow of tears
Our days has gone by
And now I know
Our love story is nothing left
When spring sun shine comes
Whispering the sweet words
You turned away
For something miracle
As we first met
And now the tears you shed
Means nothing to me
It's not for me
Not for this love, I see
Your fullness flow of tears
Because of you, because of you